README.md, before:

# Tiverton Trades - Public Audit Trail

**Immutable trade event log from the Tiverton House multi-agent trading system.**

This repository provides cryptographically verifiable proof of all trading activity. Every trade action is logged with git commit timestamps that cannot be backdated or modified.

## What This Is

A multi-agent AI trading system where four independent agents (Westin, Logan, Gerrard, Dundas) propose trades to an AI coordinator (Tiverton) for approval and execution.

Every trade action is logged in `trade-audit.json`:
- **trade_id**: Unique identifier (agent-timestamp)
- **event_type**: Action taken (PROPOSED, CONFIRMED, APPROVED, DENIED, FILLED, FAILED, CANCELLED, PASSED)
- **actor**: Who performed the action (agent name or coordinator)
- **details**: Additional context (thesis, fill price, error messages)
- **created_at**: Timestamp (UTC)

## Why This Matters

Trading results are easy to fake. Screenshots can be doctored. Timestamps can be fabricated.

This audit trail makes retroactive editing impossible:
1. **Git commit hashes** - Cryptographically link each commit to its timestamp
2. **Append-only log** - Events are never modified or deleted
3. **Automatic push** - Updates pushed immediately after execution
4. **Public verification** - Anyone can cross-reference with broker API

## Verification

To verify a trade is real:
1. Check git commit timestamp (when it was recorded)
2. Look up the `trade_id` in `trade-audit.json`
3. Find the `FILLED` event with execution timestamp
4. Confirm the event sequence makes sense (PROPOSED → CONFIRMED → APPROVED → FILLED)

For extra verification:
- Cross-reference with Alpaca Markets API (broker confirmation)
- Check Discord #trading-floor posts (real-time announcements)
- View dashboard: https://www.tivertonhouse.com

## Trade Flow

```
Agent identifies opportunity
   ↓
PROPOSED → sends proposal to coordinator
   ↓
Coordinator provides advisory feedback
   ↓
CONFIRMED → agent decides to proceed
   ↓
APPROVED → coordinator checks compliance limits
   ↓
FILLED → broker executes and confirms
   ↓
[Audit trail updated and pushed to GitHub]
```

## Event Types

- **PROPOSED** - Agent submits trade request with thesis
- **CONFIRMED** - Agent confirms intent to proceed after advisory feedback
- **APPROVED** - Coordinator approves after compliance check
- **DENIED** - Coordinator rejects (limit violation, risk check failed)
- **PASSED** - Agent decides not to proceed
- **FILLED** - Broker confirms execution
- **FAILED** - Execution error (insufficient funds, market hours, etc.)
- **CANCELLED** - Trade cancelled before execution

## Format

`trade-audit.json` - Complete event log in chronological order (JSON array)

Each event:
```json
{
  "id": 123,
  "trade_id": "westin-1738425600",
  "event_type": "FILLED",
  "actor": "sentinel",
  "details": "{\"qty\":25.0,\"avg_price\":240.23,\"broker_order_id\":\"abc123\"}",
  "created_at": "2026-01-30 14:30:00"
}
```

## System

**Platform:** OpenClaw (open-source AI agent framework)  
**Broker:** Alpaca Markets (paper trading)  
**Models:** Claude Sonnet 4.5 (coordinator), various models for traders  

**Live dashboard:** https://www.tivertonhouse.com  
**System docs:** https://www.tivertonhouse.com/static/docs/system.html  
**GitHub:** https://github.com/openclaw/openclaw  

## Agents

- **Westin** - Momentum/tech trader
- **Logan** - Value/dividend investor  
- **Gerrard** - Macro strategist
- **Dundas** - Event-driven/news trader
- **Tiverton** - Risk officer & coordinator (Claude Sonnet 4.5)
- **Sentinel** - Trade executor (fallback)

## Updates

This repository is updated automatically after every trade execution. Commits are timestamped and pushed in real-time.

Last export: Check latest commit timestamp  
Total events: Check `jq length trade-audit.json`

Commit message:

Add archive.org verification to prevent force-push accusations

README.md, after:

# Tiverton Trades - Public Audit Trail

**Immutable trade event log from the Tiverton House multi-agent trading system.**

This repository provides cryptographically verifiable proof of all trading activity. Every trade action is logged with git commit timestamps that cannot be backdated or modified.

## What This Is

A multi-agent AI trading system where four independent agents (Westin, Logan, Gerrard, Dundas) propose trades to an AI coordinator (Tiverton) for approval and execution.

Every trade action is logged in `trade-audit.json`:
- **trade_id**: Unique identifier (agent-timestamp)
- **event_type**: Action taken (PROPOSED, CONFIRMED, APPROVED, DENIED, FILLED, FAILED, CANCELLED, PASSED)
- **actor**: Who performed the action (agent name or coordinator)
- **details**: Additional context (thesis, fill price, error messages)
- **created_at**: Timestamp (UTC)

## Why This Matters

Trading results are easy to fake. Screenshots can be doctored. Timestamps can be fabricated.

This audit trail makes retroactive editing impossible:
1. **Git commit hashes** - Cryptographically link each commit to its timestamp
2. **Archive.org snapshots** - Independent third-party timestamps via Wayback Machine
3. **Append-only log** - Events are never modified or deleted
4. **Automatic archival** - Updates pushed immediately after execution and archived
5. **Public verification** - Anyone can cross-reference with broker API

## Verification

To verify a trade is real and wasn't backdated:

1. **Find the trade** in `trade-audit.json` (look up the trade_id)
2. **Check git commit timestamp** - When it was recorded on GitHub
3. **Check archive.org snapshot** - Independent third-party timestamp:
   - https://web.archive.org/web/*/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mostlydev/tiverton-trades/main/trade-audit.json
   - The trade should appear in snapshots dated at or after the trade timestamp
4. **Verify event sequence** - PROPOSED → CONFIRMED → APPROVED → FILLED makes sense

### Why Archive.org Matters

Even if someone rewrites git history with `git push --force`, archive.org has permanent snapshots showing what the file looked like at specific times. This prevents:
- Backdating trades
- Adding profitable trades retroactively
- Deleting losing trades

For detailed verification instructions, see [VERIFICATION.md](VERIFICATION.md).

### Additional Verification
- Cross-reference with Alpaca Markets API (broker confirmation)
- Check Discord #trading-floor posts (real-time announcements)
- View dashboard: https://www.tivertonhouse.com

## Trade Flow

```
Agent identifies opportunity
   ↓
PROPOSED → sends proposal to coordinator
   ↓
Coordinator provides advisory feedback
   ↓
CONFIRMED → agent decides to proceed
   ↓
APPROVED → coordinator checks compliance limits
   ↓
FILLED → broker executes and confirms
   ↓
[Audit trail updated and pushed to GitHub]
```

## Event Types

- **PROPOSED** - Agent submits trade request with thesis
- **CONFIRMED** - Agent confirms intent to proceed after advisory feedback
- **APPROVED** - Coordinator approves after compliance check
- **DENIED** - Coordinator rejects (limit violation, risk check failed)
- **PASSED** - Agent decides not to proceed
- **FILLED** - Broker confirms execution
- **FAILED** - Execution error (insufficient funds, market hours, etc.)
- **CANCELLED** - Trade cancelled before execution

## Format

`trade-audit.json` - Complete event log in chronological order (JSON array)

Each event:
```json
{
  "id": 123,
  "trade_id": "westin-1738425600",
  "event_type": "FILLED",
  "actor": "sentinel",
  "details": "{\"qty\":25.0,\"avg_price\":240.23,\"broker_order_id\":\"abc123\"}",
  "created_at": "2026-01-30 14:30:00"
}
```

## System

**Platform:** OpenClaw (open-source AI agent framework)  
**Broker:** Alpaca Markets (paper trading)  
**Models:** Claude Sonnet 4.5 (coordinator), various models for traders  

**Live dashboard:** https://www.tivertonhouse.com  
**System docs:** https://www.tivertonhouse.com/static/docs/system.html  
**GitHub:** https://github.com/openclaw/openclaw  

## Agents

- **Westin** - Momentum/tech trader
- **Logan** - Value/dividend investor  
- **Gerrard** - Macro strategist
- **Dundas** - Event-driven/news trader
- **Tiverton** - Risk officer & coordinator (Claude Sonnet 4.5)
- **Sentinel** - Trade executor (fallback)

## Updates

This repository is updated automatically after every trade execution. Commits are timestamped and pushed in real-time.

Last export: Check latest commit timestamp  
Total events: Check `jq length trade-audit.json`
